GDG DevFest Hamburg 2016 announced! The 3rd edition of the conference about Google technologies in Hamburg will take place on **October 14-15** at the **Mindspace Hamburg**. 

This means that it is time to open our [call for talk submissions](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Zpbw7yVhtcUxwx6xLSPe99k4NiF8qpBr59HUFdFRkCk/edit). If you are passionate about your work and want to share your knowledge and experience, here is your chance.

**We’re looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.
<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Zpbw7yVhtcUxwx6xLSPe99k4NiF8qpBr59HUFdFRkCk/edit" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>

<br/>

### Why should you be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend a conference? Here are our top 3 reasons to [submit a proposal](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Zpbw7yVhtcUxwx6xLSPe99k4NiF8qpBr59HUFdFRkCk/edit).

1. **It is good for your career.** By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to potential business partners or employers.
2. **It is good for the company you’re working for.** Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company’s public image.
3. **Unique networking.** By being a speaker you have a unique chance to network with other experienced developers - the best experts in the industry.

### Themes and topics – what do we expect?

As organizers we suggest a set of interesting topics - but if you have any other idea you want to share, that is not on the list, feel free to submit it as well.

#### Android
* New features in Nougat (multi-window, notifications, Java 8)
* Kotlin
* RxJava
* Data Binding
* Testing and Architecture best practices (MVP, MVVP, Clean Architecture)

#### Web
* Progressive Web Apps
* Polymer
* Service Workers
* Physical Web
* RAIL Performance Model

#### Cloud
* Machine Learning (TensorFlow, Vision API, Speech API, etc.)
* Big Data (PubSub, BigQuery, Dataflow)
* Firebase
* Kubernetes

<br/>

<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Zpbw7yVhtcUxwx6xLSPe99k4NiF8qpBr59HUFdFRkCk/edit" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>
<br/>

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting and fitting talk proposals and informs the selected submitters.

Any questions? Email organizers at [gdghhandroid@gmail.com](mailto:gdghhandroid@gmail.com)



